There aren't enough swear-words in the English language, so now I'll have to call you perkeleen vittupää just to express my disgust and frustration with this crap.
Microsoft isn't evil, they just make really crappy operating systems.
That's the spirit. Greg has taught you well. You have controlled your fear. Now, release your anger. Only your hatred can destroy me. Come to the dark side, Sarah. We have cookies.
I don’t care about you.
We don't merge kernel code just because user space was written by a retarded monkey on crack.
Software is like sex; it's better when it's free.
Christ, people. Learn C, instead of just stringing random characters together until it compiles (with warnings).
The Linux philosophy is 'Laugh in the face of danger'. Oops. Wrong One. 'Do it yourself'. Yes, that's it.
In short: just say NO TO DRUGS, and maybe you won't end up like the Hurd people. 
Those that can, do. Those that can't, complain.
Anybody who tells me I can't use a program because it's not open source, go suck on rms. I'm not interested. 99% of that I run tends to be open source, but that's my choice, dammit. 
C++ is a horrible language. It's made more horrible by the fact that a lot of substandard programmers use it, to the point where it's much much easier to generate total and utter crap with it. 
C++ is in that inconvenient spot where it doesn't help make things simple enough to be truly usable for prototyping or simple GUI programming, and yet isn't the lean system programming language that C is that actively encourages you to use simple and direct constructs. 
The memory management on the PowerPC can be used to frighten small children. 
On the internet nobody can hear you being subtle. 
Nvidia, fuck you!
WE DO NOT BREAK USERSPACE!
Every time I see some piece of medical research saying that caffeine is good for you, I high-five myself. Because I'm going to live forever. 
Gnome seems to be developed by interface nazis, where consistently the excuse for not doing something is not "it’s too complicated to do," but "it would confuse users"
If you need more than 3 levels of indentation, you're screwed anyway, and should fix your program. 
An infinite number of monkeys typing into GNU emacs would never make a good program.
"Regression testing"? What's that? If it compiles, it is good; if it boots up, it is perfect.
If Microsoft ever does applications for Linux it means I've won.
Gcc is crap.
Your code is shit.. your argument is shit.
Over the years, I've become convinced that the BSD license is great for code you don't care about.
I really think the license has been one of the defining factors in the success of Linux because it enforced that you have to give back, which meant that the fragmentation has never been something that has been viable from a technical standpoint.
I'm distrustful of projects that do not have well-defined goals, and well-defined interfaces. They tend to bloat and do "everything" over time. This is what gives us horrors like GNU emacs and Mach: they don't try to do one thing well, they try to do _everything_ based on some loose principle ("LISP is good" or "microkernels make sense" or "GGI should do graphics")
If you solve world hunger, and make a driver that cures people of cancer, by all means enable it by default. But afaik, the Cavium CNN55XX does neither.
Every developer always thinks that _their_ code is so special and magical that it should be enabled by default.
Here's a nickel, Kid. Buy a real editor.
