I'd just like to interject for a moment.
Thanks to Mr. Gates, we now know that an open Internet with protocols anyone can implement is communism; it was set up by that famous communist agent, the US Department of Defense.
I'm always happy when I'm protesting.
No person, no idea, and no religion deserves to be illegal to insult, not even the Church of Emacs.
Once GNU is written, everyone will be able to obtain good system software free, just like air.
Playfully doing something difficult, whether useful or not, that is hacking.
Copying all or parts of a program is as natural to a programmer as breathing, and as productive. It ought to be as free.
For personal reasons, I do not browse the web from my computer. (I also have not net connection much of the time.) To look at page I send mail to a demon which runs wget and mails the page back to me. It is very efficient use of my time, but it is slow in real time.
C++ is a badly designed and ugly language.  It would be a shame to use it in Emacs.
A parrot once had sex with me. I did not recognize the act as sex until it was explained to me afterward, but being stroked on the hand by his soft belly feathers was so pleasurable that I yearn for another chance.
Besides, I often enjoy rhinophytonecrophilia (nasal sex with dead plants).
I see. GIMP = Green Is My Pepper.
The first time I visited Croatia, that country had a major PR campaign about being the place of origin of the necktie. ("Cravate" and "Croat" are related words.) You can imagine my distaste for that - in response, I referred to that country as "Tieland" for a while.
The GNU GPL is not Mr. Nice Guy. It says no to some of the things that people sometimes want to do.
There are users who say that this is a bad thing—that the GPL “excludes” some proprietary software developers who "need to be brought into the free software community." [...] Their decision to make software proprietary is a decision to stay out of our community.
[It] can be very tempting when a business tells you, "Just let us put your package in our proprietary program, and your program will be used by many thousands of people!" The temptation can be powerful, but in the long run we are all better off if we resist it.
Thinking about greater long-term goals will strengthen your will to resist this pressure. If you focus your mind on the freedom and community that you can build by staying firm, you will find the strength to do it.
And if cynics ridicule freedom, ridicule community...if "hard-nosed realists" say that profit is the only ideal...just ignore them, and use copyleft all the same.
If you want to accomplish something in the world, idealism is not enough-you need to choose a method that works to achieve the goal. In other words, you need to be "pragmatic."
When so many people want me to call the system “Linux”, how can I, who merely launched its development, not comply? And forcibly denying them a speech is forcibly making them unhappy. That's coercion, as bad as Microsoft!
Calling this variant of the GNU system "Linux" plays into the hands of people who choose their software based only on technical advantage, not caring whether it respects their freedom.
There are people like Torvalds that will pressure our community into use of a non-free program, and challenge anyone who complains to provide a (technically) better program immediately or shut up.
When I ask people to call the system GNU/Linux, some of them respond with silly excuses and straw men.
I am Saint IGNUcius of the Church of Emacs. I bless your computer, my child!
Now that corporations dominate society and write the laws, each advance or change in technology is an opening for them to further restrict or mistreat its users.
Geeks like to think that they can ignore politics, you can leave politics alone, but politics won't leave you alone.
Using GPL; is encroaching on our rights; to encroach on yours.
Pay toilets are nasty, and ought to be illegal.
Because I reject technology that mistreats me, I will never order or pay for an Uber car. Because Uber threatens to eliminate the taxis that are acceptable to use, I go beyond that: I will not let someone order an Uber car for me.
To any NSA and FBI agents reading my email: please consider whether defending the US Constitution against all enemies, foreign or domestic, requires you to follow Snowden's example.
